Russian Command											
Card Available	Commander	Availability			Command	Ranged		Contact	Cohesion	Traits	
		Formation	Force	Army		900 yds	450 yds				
	Aleksandr	–	–	"Revolution, Early, Mid, Late Wars"	0	0	0	0	3	"In His Presence; When in Personal Command Aleksandr’s Cmd is +3.
Fate of an Empire; If Aleksandr dies, the Russians lose.
My Life for the Tsar; The Imperatorskaya Leib-Gvardii may not be present unless Aleksandr is present; 1805-1811 & 1813-1814.
I have an Idea!; Aleksandr moves full toward the Army Cmdr during Moves, when in contact causes Cmd -3; 1805, 1813-1814."	
	Baggovut	"Early, Mid Wars"	"Early, Mid Wars"	–	2	0	0	2	3	"Close Enough; Born in Estonia to a Norwegian family who had migrated from Sweden 200 years ago, his lineage is mostly accepted by the Chistoi Russkoi. Baggovut neither triggers nor su?ers Chistoi Russkoi penalties.
Flirts with Death; -1 in Leader Fate, +2 if Harmed, 1807.
A Date with Death; -2 in Leader Fate, 1812."	
	Bagration	"Early, Mid Wars"	"Early, Mid Wars"	Mid War	2	0	1	2	3	"Chistoi Russkoi; Command Tests targeting Bagration subtract, not add, his Command Bonus unless the issuing Commander is also Chistoi Russkoi, or in contact with the Tsar.
Personal Rivalry; May not be a subordinate of Miloradovich.
A Date with Death; -2 in Leader Fate, 1812."	
	Barclay de Tolly	Late War	"Mid, Late Wars"	"Mid, Late Wars"	2	1	1	1	2	"Not from Around Here; Born in Germany to a Scottish family, Barclay is new to the Russian nobility and actively disliked by Chistoi Russkoi, i.e. “pure” Russians."	
	Bennigsen	Late War	"Mid, Late Wars"	"Mid, Late Wars"	2	0	1	1	2	"Not from Around Here; Born in Brunswick to a noble Hanoverian family, Bennigsen is not of the Russian nobility and often argues with Chistoi Russkoi,
i.e. “pure” Russians.
Personal Rivalry; May not be a subordinate of Osten-Sacken, 1808-1815. Owed a Favor; Bennigsen plans the assassination of Tsar Pavel I, resulting in Aleksandr’s ascension and Bennigsen’s promotion. Bennigsen can replace any Russian Army Commander but Barclay de Tolly or Kutusov, 1802-1815."	
	Berg	"Early, Mid, Late Wars"	"Mid, Late Wars"	–	2	0	1	1	2	"Almost like Family; Gregor von Berg is born to a Baltic-German family, however, his family’s close ties to the Imperial family results in Catherine the Great accepting the honor of being his godmother. Berg neither triggers nor su?ers Chistoi Russkoi penalties.
Flirts with Death; Berg is wounded multiple times during the Patriotic War and the War of Liberation, once at Polotsk in 1812 and then again at Reichenbach in 1813; -1 in Leader Fate, but +2 if Harmed, 1812-1813."	
	Borozdin-1	"Mid, Late Wars"	Late War	–	1	0	1	1	2	"Chistoi Russkoi; Command Tests targeting Borozdin subtract, not add, his Command Bonus unless the issuing Commander is also Chistoi Russkoi, or in contact with the Tsar."	
	Borozdin-2	"Mid, Late Wars"	Late War	–	2	0	0	1	2	"Chistoi Russkoi; Command Tests targeting Borozdin subtract, not add, his Command Bonus unless the issuing Commander is also Chistoi Russkoi, or in contact with the Tsar.
Mass Cavalry; May Convert Cavalry Formations in additional Combats."	
	Buxhoeveden	–	"Early, Mid Wars"	"Early, Mid Wars"	1	0	1	1	1	"Chistoi Russkoi; Command Tests targeting Buxhoeveden subtract, not add, his Command Bonus unless the issuing Commander is also Chistoi Russkoi, or in contact with the Tsar.
Personal Rivalry; May not be a subordinate of Bennigsen, 1806-1815."	
	Chaplits	"Revolution, Early, Mid, Late Wars"	"Mid, Late Wars"	–	2	0	1	1	2	"Not from Around Here; Born in Poland to a noble family, Chaplits joined the Russian army in 1783, as a Pole he is not loved by Chistoi Russkoi, i.e. “pure” Russians."	
Card Available	Commander	Availability			Command	Ranged		Contact	Cohesion	Traits	
		Formation	Force	Army		900 yds	450 yds				
	Depreradovich	"Early, Mid, Late Wars"	–	–	2	0	1	2	2	"Chistoi Russkoi; Command Tests targeting Depreradovich subtract, not add, his Command Bonus unless the issuing Commander is also Chistoi Russkoi, or in contact with the Tsar.
Mass Cavalry; May Convert Cavalry Formations in additional Combats. Captain of the Guard; May Command Leib-Gvardii Cavalry Formations, 1805-1815."	
	Dokhturov	Early War	"Early, Mid, Late Wars"	–	2	1	1	2	3	"Consummate Professional; Despite being a Christoi Russkoi, Dokhturov excels in working with both Russian and foreign Commanders; he neither triggers nor su?ers Chistoi Russkoi penalties."	
	Essen-1	"Revolution, Early War"	"Early, Mid Wars"	–	1	0	0	0	2	"Not from Around Here; Born in Estonia to a Swedish-Baltic-German family, Essen is sometimes seen as an outsider by the Russian nobility and the Chistoi Russkoi, i.e. “pure” Russians."	
	Eugen	"Early, Mid, Late Wars"	"Mid, Late Wars"	–	2	0	1	2	3	"All in the Family; Despite being born in Prussia to German nobility, Eugen’s father is the brother of Tsar Paval I’s Empress Consort; Maria Feodorovna, aka Duchess Sophie Dorothea of Württemberg. Eugen is therefore regarded as both a foreigner and as Chistoi Russkoi. Eugen neither triggers nor su?ers Chistoi Russkoi penalties."	
	Golitsyn-5	–	Late War	–	2	0	1	1	3	"Chistoi Russkoi; Command Tests targeting Golitsyn subtract, not add, his Command Bonus unless the issuing Commander is also Chistoi Russkoi, or in contact with the Tsar.
Mass Cavalry; May Convert Cavalry Formations in additional Combats. Captain of the Guard; May Command Leib-Gvardii Cavalry Forces and Formations, 1812-1815."	
	Gorchakov-2	–	"Mid, Late Wars"	–	1	1	0	1	1	"Chistoi Russkoi; Command Tests targeting Gorchakov subtract, not add, his Command Bonus unless the issuing Commander is also Chistoi Russkoi, or in contact with the Tsar."	
	Kamensky	Revolution	"Revolution, Early Wars"	Early War	1	0	0	1	1	"Wandered O?;  Kamensky is exempt from Leader Fate because he has likely abandoned his troops due to either drunkenness or lack of respect towards his superior.
Personal Rivalry with Everyone; Kamensky notoriously got along with no one, Command Tests targeting Kamensky subtract, not add, double his Command Bonus, i.e. -2."	
	Kaptzevich	Late War	Late War	–	2	0	1	1	2	"Chistoi Russkoi; Command Tests targeting Kaptzevich subtract, not add, his Command Bonus unless the issuing Commander is also Chistoi Russkoi, or in contact with the Tsar."	
	Karpov-2	"Mid, Late Wars"	"Mid, Late Wars"	–	2	1	0	2	2	"Chistoi Russkoi; Command Tests targeting Karpov subtract, not add, his Command Bonus unless the issuing Commander is also Chistoi Russkoi, or in contact with the Tsar.
Captain of Cossacks; Karpov’s command must be at least 2/3 kazaky and Irregulars.
Mass Cavalry; May Convert Cavalry Formations in additional Combats."	
Card Available	Commander	Availability			Command	Ranged		Contact	Cohesion	Traits	
		Formation	Force	Army		900 yds	450 yds				
	Knorring-1	Revolution	"Early, Mid Wars"	"Early, Mid Wars"	1	0	0	1	2	"Close Enough; Knorring descends from a German family which successfully integrates into the Russian nobility. Knorring neither triggers nor su?ers Chistoi Russkoi penalties.
Personal Rivalry; Aleksandr sends Knorring to Poland in 1806 to address a conflict between Bennigsen and Buxhöwden, but he instead ends up part of the argument. Knorring may not be a subordinate of Bennigsen, 1806-1808. Early Retirement; Frustrated by the progress in Finland, Aleksandr replaces Buxhöwden with Knorring in 1808, but he does no better and the Tsar removes Knorring, allowing him to retire. Unavailable after 1809."	
	Knorring-3	"Early, Mid Wars"	Mid War	–	2	0	1	1	2	"Close Enough; Knorring descends from a German family which successfully integrates into the Russian nobility. Knorring neither triggers nor su?ers Chistoi Russkoi penalties.
An Untimely Death; Knorring dies during the Russian retreat in August of 1812 and therefore is unavailable after 1812.
Mass Cavalry; May Convert Cavalry in add’l Combats."	
	Konovnitsyn	"Mid, Late Wars"	Late War	–	2	1	2	2	2	"Consummate Professional; Despite being a Christoi Russkoi, Konovnitsyn excelled in working with both Russian and foreign Commanders and neither triggers nor su?ers Chistoi Russkoi penalties.
Specific Talent; When Personally Commanding a
Formation on an active Withdraw [W] directive, all bonuses become +3.
Flirts with Death; -1 to Leader Fate but +2 if Harmed, 1812."	
	Konstantin	–	"Early, Mid, Late Wars"	–	1	0	0	1	3	"Chistoi Russkoi; Command Tests targeting Konstantin subtract, not add, his Command Bonus unless the issuing Commander is also Chistoi Russkoi, or in contact with the Tsar.
Chosen Successor; If Konstantin is present when a Russian Army Commander is removed by Leader Fate, Konstantin becomes the new Army Commander.
Captain of the Guard; If the Leib-Gvardii and Konstantin are both present, he must command it.
My Brother’s Tsar!; If Aleksandr is not present, Konstantin might attempt to replace any Army Commander who is not Chistoi Russkoi; roll 2D6 subtracting the Army Commander’s Command Bonus, on 10+ he replaces the Army Commander."	
	Kor?	"Early, Mid, Late Wars"	"Mid, Late Wars"	–	2	0	0	1	2	"Not from Around Here; As a member of the German nobility born in the Baltic States, Kor? was sometimes panned by Chistoi Russkoi, i.e. “pure” Russians. Mass Cavalry; May Convert Cavalry Formations in additional Combats."	
	Kutaysov	"Early, Mid Wars"	Mid War	–	2	3	2	1	2	"Almost like Family; His father is a German captured by the Russians during Catherine the Great’s Russo-Turkish campaigns. The Tsarina introduces the captive to her son, Tsesarevich Pavel who supports the family’s integration into Russian nobility. Kutaysov neither triggers nor su?ers Chistoi Russkoi penalties.
Grand Battery; May Command Grand Batteries.
Preferred Assignment; Kutaysov may only command Artillery Forces and Formations.
A Date with Death; Killed while leading forward a counter-attack during the Battle of Borodino, Kutaysov’s death prevents the commitment of most of the Russian artillery reserve which is under his command, -2 in Leader Fate, 1812."	
Card Available	Commander	Availability			Command	Ranged		Contact	Cohesion	Traits	
		Formation	Force	Army		900 yds	450 yds				
	Kutuzov	Revolution	"Revolution, Early, Mid Wars"	"Revolution, Early, Mid Wars"	3	0	0	1	3	"Chistoi Russkoi; Command Tests targeting Kutuzov subtract, not add, his Command Bonus unless the issuing Commander is also Chistoi Russkoi, or in contact with the Tsar.
An Untimely Death; Kutuzov dies of illness in the spring of 1813 as the Russo-Prussian invasion of Germany begins, and is thus unavailable after 1812."	
	Lambert	"Early, Mid, Late Wars"	Mid War	–	1	0	0	2	2	"He Knows People; Invited to Russia by Catherine the Great, who had a positive impression of his brother Maurice, Charles Lambert and his father flee Revolutionary France to join the Russian military where he serves until 1824. Lambert neither triggers nor su?ers Chistoi Russkoi penalties.
Mass Cavalry; May Convert Cavalry Formations in additional Combats."	
	Langeron	"Early, Mid, Late Wars"	"Early, Mid, Late Wars"	"Mid, Late Wars"	2	1	0	1	2	"Not from Around Here; Born in Paris to a noble French family, Langeron flees to Russia at the start of the French Revolution. His defection endears him to the Tsar but not the nobility and Chistoi Russkoi, i.e. “pure” Russians, who see him as competition."	
	Lanskoy	"Mid, Late Wars"	"Mid, Late Wars"	–	2	0	1	1	2	"Chistoi Russkoi; Command Tests targeting Lanskoy subtract, not add, his Command Bonus unless the issuing Commander is also Chistoi Russkoi, or in contact with the Tsar.
Mass Cavalry; May Convert Cavalry Formations in additional Combats.
A Date with Death; -2 in Leader Fate, 1814. Unavailable after 1814."	
	Lavrov	"Early, Mid, Late Wars"	"Mid, Late Wars"	–	2	0	1	2	2	"Chistoi Russkoi; Command Tests targeting Lavrov subtract, not add, his Command Bonus unless the Commander is also Chistoi Russkoi, or in contact with the Tsar.
Captain of the Guard; May Command Imperatorskaya Leib-Gvardii Forces and Infantry Formations, 1812-1813.
By Popular Demand; The Imperatorskaya Leib-Gvardii must be commanded by Lavrov if Konstantine is not present or is commanding the Army,
1812-1813.
An Unfortunate Death; Lavrov falls ill during the opening of the 1813 campaign and dies in September. Unavailable after June 1813."	
	Leviz	Early War	"Mid, Late Wars"	–	1	0	0	1	1	Close Enough; Around 1630 the Scottish Friedrich von Löwis von Menar family relocates to Baltic Germany from Sweden. After settling in Livonia the family successfully integrates into the Russian nobility. Leviz neither triggers nor su?ers Chistoi Russkoi penalties.	
	Löwenstern	"Early, Mid, Late Wars"	"Early, Mid, Late Wars"	–	2	3	3	1	2	"Not from Around Here; Born into a family of Württemberg nobility, Löwenstern is sometimes ignored by the Russian nobility and Chistoi Russkoi,
i.e. “pure” Russians.
Preferred Specialty; Löwenstern may only command Artillery Forces and Formations.
Grand Battery; May Command Grand Batteries."	
	Lieven-3	"Early, Mid, Late Wars"	Late War	–	2	0	1	1	2	"Consummate Professional; Despite being a Christoi Russkoi, Lieven excels in working with both Russian and foreign Commanders and neither triggers nor su?ers Chistoi Russkoi penalties."	
	Markov-1	"Revolution, Early, Mid, Late Wars"	"Mid, Late Wars"	–	1	0	1	2	1	"Consummate Professional; Despite being a Christoi Russkoi, Markov works with both Russian and foreign Commanders and neither triggers nor su?ers Chistoi Russkoi penalties.
Mass Cavalry; May Convert Cavalry Formations in additional Combats.
Personal Rivalry; May not be subordinate to Tchichagov, 1812."	
Card Available	Commander	Availability			Command	Ranged		Contact	Cohesion	Traits	
		Formation	Force	Army		900 yds	450 yds				
	Miloradovich	"Early, Mid, Late Wars"	"Early, Mid, Late Wars"	"Early, Mid Wars, Late Wars"	2	0	1	1	2	"Chistoi Russkoi; Command Tests targeting Miloradovich subtract, not add, his Command Bonus unless the Commander is also Chistoi Russkoi, or in contact with the Tsar.
Personal Rivalry; May not be a subordinate of Bagration.
Charmed Death; +2 in Leader Fate."	
	Neverovsky	"Early, Mid, Late Wars"	–	–	2	0	1	2	3	"Chistoi Russkoi; Command Tests targeting Neverovsky subtract, not add, his Command Bonus unless the Commander is also Chistoi Russkoi, or in contact with the Tsar.
A Date with Death; -2 in Leader Fate, 1813. Unavailable after 1813."	
	Olsufiev	"Early, Mid Wars"	Late War	–	1	0	0	0	1	"Chistoi Russkoi; Command Tests targeting Olsufiev subtract, not add, his Command Bonus unless the issuing Commander is also Chistoi Russkoi, or in contact with the Tsar."	
	O’Rourke	"Mid, Late Wars"	"Mid, Late Wars"	–	1	0	0	1	2	"Close Enough; Count Joseph Cornelius O’Rourke’s family flees from Éireann to France in 1691 after the Jacobites lose the Battle of Boyne. Sometime during the 1700s, a portion of the family moves to Russia, settling in Livonia. During their nearly 100 years in Russia, the O’Rourkes are accepted into the Russian nobility, therefore O’Rourke neither triggers nor su?ers Chistoi Russkoi penalties.
Mass Cavalry; May Convert Cavalry Formations in additional Combats."	
	Ostermann-Tolstoy	Early War	"Early, Mid, Late Wars"	Mid War	2	0	1	2	2	"Chistoi Russkoi; Command Tests targeting Osterman-Tolstoy subtract, not add, his Command Bonus unless the Commander is also Chistoi Russkoi, or in contact with the Tsar.
Flirts with Death; -1 in Leader Fate, but +2 if Harmed, 1813."	
	Pahlen-3	Early War	"Early, Mid, Late Wars"	–	2	0	0	2	2	"Not from Around Here; Born into Baltic German nobility, Pahlen’s family is newly inducted into the Russian nobility and disliked by many Chistoi Russkoi,
i.e. “pure” Russians.
Mass Cavalry; May Convert Cavalry in add’l Combats."	
	Panchulidzev-1	"Mid, Late Wars"	Late War	–	2	1	1	1	2	"Chistoi Russkoi; Command Tests targeting Panchulidzev subtract, not add, his Command Bonus unless the issuing Commander is also Chistoi Russkoi, or in contact with the Tsar.
Mass Cavalry; May Convert Cavalry Formations in additional Combats."	
	Platov	"Revolution, Early, Mid, Late Wars"	"Revolution, Early, Mid, Late Wars"	–	3	0	0	3	3	"Chistoi Russkoi; Command Tests targeting Platov subtract, not add, his Command Bonus unless the Commander is also Chistoi Russkoi, or in contact with the Tsar.
Captain of Cossacks; Platov’s command must be at least 2/3 kazaky and Irregulars.
Ataman; Platov may not be subordinate to another Captain of Cossacks.
Mass Cavalry; May Convert Cavalry Formations in additional Combats."	
	Przhebishevsk y	"Revolution, Early War"	Early War	–	1	0	0	1	1	"Not from Around Here; Born to a noble Polish family, Przhebishevsky is disliked by Chistoi Russkoi, i.e. “pure” Russians."	
	Rayevsky	"Revolution, Early War"	"Early, Mid, Late Wars"	Late War	2	2	2	2	3	"Chistoi Russkoi; Command Tests targeting Rayevsky subtract, not add, his Command Bonus unless the Commander is also Chistoi Russkoi, or in contact with the Tsar."	
	Sacken	Revolution	"Early, Mid, Late Wars"	Late War	2	1	1	1	2	"Not from Around Here; Born in Estonia to a noble German family, Sacken is not of the Russian nobility and often argued with Chistoi Russkoi, i.e. “pure” Russians.
Personal Rivalry; May not be a subordinate of Bennigsen, 1808-1815."	
Card Available	Commander	Availability			Command	Ranged		Contact	Cohesion	Traits	
		Formation	Force	Army		900 yds	450 yds				
	Saint-Priest	Mid War	"Mid, Late Wars"	–	2	1	0	1	2	"Not from Around Here; Born in Constantinople to a French diplomat in the service of King Louis XVI, Saint-Priest flees to Russia during the French Revolution. His defection endears him to the Tsar but not the nobility and Chistoi Russkoi, i.e. “pure” Russians, who see him as competition.
A Date with Death; Wounded by an artillery shell from a howitzer at the Battle of Reims in 1814, he dies a number of weeks later, -2 in Leader Fate, 1814.
Unavailable after 1814."	
	Sazonov	Mid War	Mid War	–	1	0	1	1	2	"Chistoi Russkoi; Command Tests targeting Sazonov subtract, not add, his Command Bonus unless the issuing Commander is also Chistoi Russkoi, or in contact with the Tsar."	
	Sherbatov	"Early, Mid, Late Wars"	"Mid, Late Wars"	–	1	0	0	1	2	"Chistoi Russkoi; Command Tests targeting Scherbatov subtract, not add, his Command Bonus unless the issuing Commander is also Chistoi Russkoi, or in contact with the Tsar."	
	Sievers-1	Early War	"Mid, Late Wars"	–	1	0	0	1	2	"Close Enough; Karl Gustav Sievers descends from a Scandinavian family which successfully integrates into the Russian nobility. Sievers neither triggers nor su?ers Chistoi Russkoi penalties.
Mass Cavalry; May Convert Cavalry Formations in additional Combats."	
	Suvórov	–	Revolution	Revolution	3	1	3	3	3	"Consummate Professional; Suvórov is born into a noble family descended from Swedes. Despite being a Christoi Russkoi, Suvórov excels in working with both Russian and foreign Commanders and neither triggers nor su?ers Chistoi Russkoi penalties."	
	Talyzin-3	"Early, Mid, Late Wars"	Late War	–	1	0	1	1	1	"Consummate Professional; Despite being a Christoi Russkoi, Talyzin excels in working with both Russian and foreign Commanders and neither triggers nor su?ers Chistoi Russkoi penalties."	
	Tchichagov	–	Mid War	Mid War	1	0	0	1	2	"Chistoi Russkoi; Command Tests targeting Tchichagov subtract, not add, his Command Bonus unless the issuing Commander is also Chistoi Russkoi, or in contact with the Tsar."	
	Tormasov	Revolution	"Revolution, Mid, Late Wars"	"Mid, Late Wars"	2	0	1	1	2	"Chistoi Russkoi; Command Tests targeting Tormasov subtract, not add, his Command Bonus unless the issuing Commander is also Chistoi Russkoi, or in contact with the Tsar.
Mass Cavalry; May Convert Cavalry Formations in additional Combats."	
	Tuchkov-1	Early War	"Early, Mid Wars"	–	3	1	1	1	3	"Consummate Professional; Despite being a Christoi Russkoi, Tuchkov excelled in working with both Russian and foreign Commanders and neither triggers nor su?ers Chistoi Russkoi penalties.
A Date with Death; Mortally wounded at Borodino in September 1812, he dies some weeks later. -2 in Leader Fate, 1812."	
	Uvarov	"Revolution, Early, Mid, Late Wars"	"Mid, Late Wars"	–	2	1	0	2	2	"Consummate Professional; Despite being a Christoi Russkoi, Uvarov excelled in working with both Russian and foreign Commanders and neither triggers nor su?ers Chistoi Russkoi penalties.
Mass Cavalry; May Convert Cavalry in additional Combats.
Captain of the Guard; May command Leib-Gvardii Cavalry Formations, 1805-1815."	
	Vasilchikov-1	"Mid, Late Wars"	Late War	–	2	0	0	2	2	"Mass Cavalry; May Convert Cavalry Formations in additional Combats. Consummate Professional; Despite being a Christoi Russkoi, Vasilchikov excels in working with both Russian and foreign Commanders and neither triggers nor su?ers Chistoi Russkoi penalties."	
Card Available	Commander	Availability			Command	Ranged		Contact	Cohesion	Traits	
		Formation	Force	Army		900 yds	450 yds				
	Wintzingerode	–	"Mid, Late Wars"	–	1	0	0	1	1	"Not from Around Here; Born in Thuringia to a noble German family, Wintzingerode was not of the Russian nobility and sometimes sidelined by Chistoi Russkoi, i.e. “pure” Russians.
Mass Cavalry; May Convert Cavalry Formations in additional Combats."	
	Wittgenstein	–	"Mid, Late Wars"	–	2	1	1	1	2	"Not from Around Here; Born in central Ukraine to a German family, Wittgenstein is mostly ignored by the Russian nobility and Chistoi Russkoi, i.e. “pure” Russians.
A Man for Some Seasons; Wittgenstein may be an Army Commander of Armies including both Prussian Forces and
Russian Forces, but not Austrian Forces."	
	Yermolov	"Mid, Late Wars"	Late War	–	2	2	2	1	2	"Chistoi Russkoi; Command Tests targeting Yermolov subtract, not add, his Command Bonus unless the issuing Commander is also Chistoi Russkoi, or in contact with the Tsar.
Captain of the Guard; May Command Leib-Gvardii Forces and Leib-Gvardii Infantry Formations, 1812-1815.
Grand Battery; May Command Grand Batteries, 1812-1815."	
59	59			Rated 3	4	2	2	2	13		
				Rated 2	35	2	4	16	37		
				Rated 1	19	13	27	38	9		
				Rated 0	1	42	26	3	0		
